[pkg/ottl] support substring function (#17036)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: pkg/ottl/ottlfuncs/README.md

- `TraceID(0x00000000000000000000000000000000)`

### Substring

`Substring(target, start, length)`

The `Substring` factory function returns a substring from the given start index to the specified length.

`target` is a string. `start` and `length` are `int64`.

> The `Substring` factory function will return `nil` if the given parameters are invalid, e.x. `target` is not a string, or the start/length exceed the length of the `target` string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Substring` Converter will return `nil` if the given parameters are invalid, e.x. `target` is not a string, or the start/length exceed the length of the `target` string.
```
